{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 William updated the website with an introduction and background, plus a project goal paragraph on the website\'92s home page. \
There has been significant progress made on xml markup of speeches, with some speeches not yet finished. \
Dr. Campbell advised us to start thinking of what we are going to visually graph via network analysis, and some ideas (now) include:\
A timeline about legislation. Aaron requested that for the to gun laws passed in California in response to the black panther activity.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Groups on a scale of negative 2 to positive 2. \
Thickness of lines could coordinate to relationship and color of lines could indicate good or bad relationship. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We could use a Venn diagram to \'93comparisize\'94 or a histograph. A histograph could compare multiple people and multiple concepts instead of making multiple graphs. \
Proposal to use MSpaint instead of SVG. Groups on a scale of negative 2 to positive 2. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Thickness of lines could coordinate to relationship and color of lines could indicate good or bad relationship. \
Groups on a scale of negative 2 to positive 2. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I (gia) am going to write up drafts for group information on each group. \
If you are going to send photos to William for the website, save them as .jpg or .png. \
Also regarding network graphs, we are to take a picture of the rough sketch and post it to discord. \
Andrew has updated the schema and might add \'93occupation\'94 but a final decision on that hasn\'92t been made yet. He has also associated the schema to most if not all speeches by this point. \
Project checkpoint 5 has been moved to Monday now, so we have more time. \
The last parts of the xml include policy, causes, and acts and mark those up. \
\
}