{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22340\viewh14220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Already identified possible source texts with the sites aforementioned (notes from last meeting). \
Already assigned project team positions (in notes from last meeting).\
Already done includes all of notes from last meeting, and mostly setting up the GitHub repo and files within the repo. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Plans include:\
* The use of 2-3 speeches at a minimum from each group\'97Black Panthers, Civil Disobedience/Nonviolent Resistance, and Nation of Islam. \
* Including contexts for each speech as well. \
* Contexts could also include not only the speech transcript, but also a biography of each speaker of each speech. \
* Each speech would also have a micro analysis as well atop of everything else. \
* Possible website layout includes the funnel layout in contrast to the redirection that would happen in each page. \
* On the initial page, it will have a particular type of flow and layout/organization. \
	* Possible layout would include one of the 3 main parties (as listed above), then the group bio, then the speech itself, then 	the speaker bio of said speech and the context of the speaker/speech. \
* Possible numbers include 3-5 speeches per 3 groups listed above, and a maximum of 2 speeches per person in that group. \
* Possible topics to watch for are mutual aid and concrete proposals that are we should look out for when analyzing the speeches. \
* Date formatting idea is mentioned below. \
* A proposal of a color scheme includes brown, as Aaron said \'93Brown is horribly underused in web design\'94. \
	* William mentioned a website called huemint.com that generates color palettes for a website. \
* Aaron: \'93one of the most plans we\'92ve come up with these meetings\'94. \
\
To-do list:\
1) Figuring out what speeches to use and how exactly to analyze them. \
2) Figure out how exactly the speech webpages will be formatted (funnel layout or redirection)\
3) William (weird IT guy) is going to build a visual model of how the webpage will possibly look like, then he would do a basic html page which will have the basic framework for the webpages. \
4) Andrew will develop a schema for the html page(s). \
5) Aaron work on finding source texts for the Black Panthers.\
6) Cole will work on solely finding Nation of Islam documents.\
7) Aaron and Cole will split the category of Civil Disobedience/Nonviolent Resistance for finding documents.\
8) I (Gia) will take notes and documentation of the steps as people are doing things and updating me on them. \
9) Goal is to (either by the end of this week or this time next week) to have our macro and micro sources chosen and identified. \
10) We need to standardize the date formats. A possible format would be year/month/day, 4 dig, 2 dig, 2 dig\'97yyyy-mm-dd, separated by hyphens. (So today\'92s date following that format is 2023-2-22). \
11) Another idea thrown out for the future includes choosing a color scheme with the website mentioned above. \
\
\
**Everything is still in the developmental stages at this point, so everyone and their work is still subject to change once we actually move forward with the project and work on constructing it.**\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
}