{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17760\viewh13460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Aaron finished the first xml markup today for the project. \
The speech was \'93You Can Murder a Liberator, but you Can\'92t Murder Liberation\'94 by Fred Hampton on 1969/4/27, and he was a member of the Black Panthers, which is tagged. \
Overall categories were: active resistance, self-defense, and non-violence. \
Subcategory (sub-cat) include mutual aid, policy, com-revolution (which I think stands for communist revolution?)\
Tagged individual people and organizations. Other xml tags include the title of the speech itself, then the subheadings of the speech itself, and another includes the paragraphs themselves. This would be to standardize the markups because Cole marked his first speech which is unfinished as of right now but has paragraphs tagged. \
Possible future markup could include tagging sensitive language which can include both slurs and curse words. We have to discuss this further before we make any final decisions and changes. \
Andrew is going to work on the schema for this first speech marked up in xml. \
William is continuing to work on the project website and formatting. The main obstacle right now is the static nav bar which is \'93really difficult to do\'94. \
We did notice that there are some discrepancies and changes that occur from the original xml markup on oxygen vs its form when Aaron pushed the speech to GitHub. \
}