{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17240\viewh11440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Our plans include few people from each group civil disobedience, National of Islam, and Black Panthers. \
Aaron and Cole are working on the project XMLs for the speeches. \
Black Panthers: Fred Hampton, Huey Newton, and Bobby Seale. \
	Newton\'92s Speech: women\'92s and gay liberations speech with a more intersectional viewpoint. \
Civil Disobedience: MLK Jr., and Stokley Carmichael. \
Nation of Islam: Malcolm X and \
We are looking for nonviolent actions, self-defense, active resistance, policy points for speeches. These should be the tags that appear in the xml documents of the speeches and the schemas. \
Bar graphs for groups for what each group wanted to engage themselves in. Black Panthers are largely self-defense and talked a a lot about policy. Nation of Islam was a lot of offensive movement and policy talk. For civil disobedience, there will be a lot of nonviolent actions, etc. \
The key thing to note is lack of weaponry for self-defense and acts of resistance because these actions most likely included the use of weapons. Another particular point of the self-defense category could be classifying certain actions as violent or violent self-defense. Training to resist and training to allow for nonviolent action could be classified as self-defense. \
The speeches should be analyzed to include what they are talking about in the speeches themself, not what happens due to the speeches. \
Our place right now includes the need to start putting speeches into xml documents and marking them up, then making a schema and linking it to the xml document. \
There is a difference between marking up and analyzing the speech itself and what it contains versus the context of the situation. \
Aaron and Cole will be doing xml markup over the break over the speeches. \
William is going to do the web design and is brewing ideas of how the data is going to look from the speeches. \
We will quantify actions of promoting nonviolence and nonviolent resistance, action and promotion of violence, and the self-defense actions and avoidance. \
\
\
}