{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14360\viewh11260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The question we are addressing between the speeches of the different groups is how does rhetoric/approach/positions differ between the different groups. \
There are some differences between the contents between the tags for each speech between both Aaron and Cole, such as \'93organization\'94. \
There were some other things within speeches that we were discussing to figure out how exactly to tag them. Possible synonyms for tags for \'93group\'94 could be bunch, collection, set, \'93assemblage\'94 so we can tag it as \'93ass\'94, or \'93caboodle\'94. The one we are leaning towards the most is set. \
Although we are having some problems with xml markup, William says that we are not to worry because \'93the website will be clean\'94. \
Aaron is going to update the Fred Hampton speech and add the \'93set\'94 tags to it. \
As of today, Fred Hampton\'92s speech is the only one marked up, and even then it still has some tweaks. \
William\'92s website is still a work in progress. \
Andrew had the schema working but when the xml was updated, the schema had errors, so he is working on fixing it. \
Cole is working on more markup for xml, such as MLK\'92s speeches. \
If the speech refers to a plain old location, do not tag it. The only time a location would be tagged is when the speaker refers to a location as shorthand for an institution such as \'93The USA\'94 when referring to its government. \
}