{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14560\viewh10640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Background:\ulnone \
Nonviolent resistance was one of the main acts of resistance in the Civil Rights Movement. Most famously led by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who took inspiration by Gandhi, it took a path of nonviolence and civil disobedience with the belief that action would end inequality and racial discrimination. Nonviolent demonstrators typically did so via sit-ins, boycotts, protests, marches, and more. These activists were faced with cruel pro-segregationists and racists\'97especially across the south\'97but the activists of this movement were stronger and persisted through adversity to achieve their goals. \
\
\ul Speakers: \
\ulnone Martin Luther King Jr. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The face of nonviolent resistance is undoubtedly been MLK, who is one of the most famous activists throughout all of American history. Martin Luther King Jr. (MLK) was born in Atlanta in 1929, and grew up to become a renowned Minister and later activist. MLK was college educated and had a doctorate in theology.\
MLK was the first leader of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and in 1964 he won a Nobel Peace Prize. His charisma and ability to reach out to his audience and inspire them were part of the many reasons why he was so beloved. Although he had a significant army of supporters, MLK was assassinated on April 4, 1968 outside his hotel room in Memphis Tennessee. MLK was only 39 at the time of his death, and news of his passing sparked outrage across the country where protests erupted in various cities. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}