{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Think about how to interpret the reference to another group from the speeches\'97whether it is good or bad. \
Also consider both sides of the same coin: how one group refers to a group as negative/positive, and how said group refers to another. Think about how references go both ways. \
SVG element polygon which starts as a polygon and can turn into an arrow. \
Color coding may be useful when making distinctions between each group, indicating relationship.\
To avoid overlapping nodes, try situating the subjects of the network graph in a circle. \
It might work to figure out a percentage for each node, and assigning a color would allow you to see a degree of positivity or negativity because a node\'92s degree of said color would indicate how positive or negative the relationship is. \
Write an xquery to find the number of the organizations mentioned across the nonviolent, NOI, and BPP speeches. \
Trying to put all information in one graph could result in the graph getting too confusing, and at that point it would be sensible to break the information up into different graphs that would indicate one thing across the groups. \
A suggestion would be if only one group refers to a certain node, then eliminate that node because the point of the graphs is to compare how each speaker/group refers to the same groups. 
\fs24 \

\fs28 A timeline from start to end of the civil rights movement would be another network graph of use. }